what sideways its Dierks Bentley I've
marked folks along with michelle
rodriguez chris summer has joined us
Chris welcome hello Marquis what do you
think of this beautiful new humongous
Dallas Cowboy Stadium mark the first
thing that strikes me is we must have an
international glass short of business
Jerry Jones has used all of the glass on
the planet to build his new stadium now
Michelle Rodriguez you got a chance to
go in a few minutes ago and check it out
tell me what you thought oh my gosh is
the first thing that you and you feel
like an ant just walking in and the
first thing is you feel the HC it is so
cool in there because the roof is going
to close / tonight show it is closed and
the sun's take home an end so it feels
like it's open but it's definitely cool
and the first thing you walk in and see
is of course the huge screen it just
takes you away and I hope everyone got a
facial because you can see everything
yeah just love it we want to tell people
again parking lots will open at two
o'clock we've got the cache lines to
regular lots and then we've got the
doors opening inside the stadium at for
music starts at five thirty wanna bite
people julianne hough had severe strep
throat is cancelled so Louie lee Ann
Womack is going to take her place very
cool and let me just tell you because I
just got dropped off at Collins and
randol mill about 20 minutes ago just
had somebody dropped me off and I walked
on over it is literally across the
street and probably the biggest thing
you need to know the traffic around the
stadium is not all that bad just yet it
is mark set parking lots open it to come
on out early and you'll avoid a lot of
hassle and you're going to eat me
everybody up with traffic updates
the different parking lots around the
stadium so we'll give you up anyway
let's go on as we welcome the largest
concert to ever hit North Texas the
artist of the decade George Street is in
the house we're on the west plaza
balance cowboys dating we love to see
you come by and sugar wolf pride with 90
95 the wolf